=head1 NAME

libvirtMib_subagent - SNMP subagent for libvirt

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<libvirtMib_subagent> [I<OPTIONS>] [I<LISTENING ADDRESSES>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<libvirtMib_subagent> provides SNMP functionality for libvirt.
Therefore it is now possible to gather and set domain status over
SNMP from one place. This allows to create views of entire platforms
end to end.

It communicates with SNMP agent over AgentX protocol (RFC 2741) and
extends agent's set of infomation provided. Therefore, we need a running
SNMP agent. This behaviour can be avoided using I<-M> option.

The B<libvirtMib_subagent> understands these I<OPTIONS>:

=over 4

=item B<-f>

Don't fork. Run in foreground.

=item B<-D>[I<token>[,I<...>]]

Turn on debugging output for the given TOKEN(s).
Without any tokens specified, it defaults to printing
all the tokens (which is equivalent to the keyword 'C<ALL>').
You might want to try ALL for extremely verbose output.
B<Note>: You can't put a space between the B<-D> and the I<token>s.

=item B<-H>

Display a list of configuration file directives
understood by the agent and then exit.

=item B<-M>

Run as a normal SNMP Agent instead of an AgentX sub-agent.

=item B<-x>I<ADDRESS>

Connect to master agent at ADDRESS (default C</var/agentx/master>). The address
can either be a Unix domain socket path, or the address of a network interface.
The format is the same as the format of listening addresses described below. 

=item B<-L>

Do not open a log file; print all messages to stderr.

=back

The last optional I<LISTENING ADDRESSES> specify on which addresses should 
subagent running in normal SNMP Agent mode listen for incoming requests.
See B<snmpd> for further information.

=head1 BUGS

Report any bugs discovered to the libvirt community via the mailing list
"http://libvirt.org/contact.html" or bug tracker "http://libvirt.org/bugs.html".
Alternatively report bugs to your software distributor / vendor.

=head1 AUTHORS

Please refer to the AUTHORS file distributed with libvirt.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2011 Red Hat, Inc., and the authors listed in the
libvirt-snmp AUTHORS file.

=head1 LICENSE

libvirt-snmp is distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL v3.
This is free software; see the source for copying conditions.
There is NO warranty; not even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE

=head1 SEE ALSO
L<snmpd>, L<http://www.libvirt.org>

